Problem Statement

You work for a manufacturing company which produces three industrial machinery parts code named Rocks, Papers and Scissors. The manufacturing process is divided among different production units spread across the country. Each production unit has a quality control process in place which discards items that are not upto the company standards from each batch produced. The number of items produced or discarded of each type are recorded by the staff at all production units.
Recently, as the company sales went up, production was expanded to include more manufacturing units to keep up with the demand. The customer care department started receiving complaints from customers regarding low quality products. As a short term measure, the support staff was instructed to record all the complaints in a database in the form of the invoice Id and the name of the defected item.
Since the reputation of the company is at stake, the management wants to identify the low quality production units so that their manufacturing practices can be thoroughly examined. You have been given access to the sales data along with the complaint records and production logs of all production units. The critical reports you have to produce are defined below.
The customers are grouped according to the organisation they belong to. A customer group has customer Ids beginning with the same letter followed by a different 3 digit number for each individual buyer in the organisation.
Assume that a complaint about a particular sale means all items of that type sold were defective. Eg, if a customer complains about rocks in invoice id 873uwg then that implies all rocks sold in that transaction were defective.
For simplicity’s sake, we will also assume each sale included items from one batch only.

TASK

Write a program using PySpark, Java SDK for Spark, Python(use suitable data manipulation libraries), R or other suitable options to create the reports. Make sure you submit the three output reports in csv or tsv or xls/xlsv format.
